The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
I’m a living furnace.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
Not all people who wander are lost.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.